TAG: PEA-8492
TIMESTAMP: 2026-04-01 18:48:30
GATEWAY: GROQ
MODEL: moonshotai/kimi-k2-instruct-0905
STATUS: SUCCESS
COST: $0.000976
PROMPT_TOKENS: 1650
COMPLETION_TOKENS: 202
TOTAL_TOKENS: 1852


--- VERBATIM PROMPT ---

Analyze the following Job Description and extract the critical keywords for ATS optimization.
You MUST output ONLY a valid JSON object matching this schema exactly:
{
  "hard_skills": ["Kw1", "Kw2", ...],
  "soft_skills": ["Kw1", "Kw2", ...],
  "domain_keywords": ["Kw1", "Kw2", ...]
}

Definitions:
- hard_skills: specific tools (e.g., Python, Salesforce), methodologies (e.g., Agile), or technical skills.
- soft_skills: interpersonal attributes, behavior styles (e.g., Ownership, Clarity, Customer Empathy).
- domain_keywords: industry terms, vertical names, relevant jargon (e.g., Clean Energy, B2B SaaS).

Target 5-10 keywords per category.

Job Description:
The Opportunity

Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences. We’re passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transforming how companies interact with customers across every screen.

In this role, you will manage a defined portfolio of customers, serving as a trusted advisor responsible for driving adoption, value realization, retention, and growth across your book of business. You will develop deep knowledge of each customer’s business objectives, industry landscape, and success metrics, aligning Adobe solutions to deliver measurable impact.

This is a highly consultative role requiring strong executive presence, strategic thinking, and cross-functional collaboration. You will own the ongoing customer relationship post-sale and be accountable for ensuring customers achieve their desired outcomes while identifying opportunities to expand Adobe’s partnership over time.

What You’ll Do

As a Customer Success Manager, you will be responsible for the overall success and health of your portfolio. You will:

Own the post-sale relationship for a defined portfolio of customers, ensuring long-term retention and growth.
Develop and execute tailored success plans aligned to each customer’s strategic objectives and measurable business outcomes.
Build and maintain strong, multi-threaded relationships across business and technical stakeholders, including executive sponsors.
Lead strategic business reviews (QBRs/EBRs) to demonstrate value realized, track performance against goals, and align on future priorities.
Drive product adoption and value realization by identifying gaps, recommending best practices, and aligning solutions to evolving customer needs.
Proactively monitor customer health, usage trends, and engagement signals to mitigate risk and address challenges before they escalate.
Partner closely with Sales on account planning, renewals, and expansion strategy , contributing to forecasting and long-term growth plans.
Serve as the voice of the customer internally , synthesizing feedback and collaborating with Product, Support, and Marketing to improve customer experience and outcomes.
Navigate complex customer environments , aligning multiple stakeholders and driving consensus toward shared success goals.

What You Need to Succeed

Bachelor’s Degree and/or relevant work experience
10+ years of experience in Customer Success, Strategic Account Management, Consulting, or a related customer-facing role in a SaaS or technology environment
Proven experience managing a portfolio of accounts with responsibility for retention and growth
Strong executive presence and the ability to influence and build credibility with senior stakeholders
Demonstrated ability to develop account strategies and align solutions to business outcomes
Experience conducting business reviews and presenting to leadership audiences
Strong analytical skills and comfort interpreting customer usage data, adoption trends, and performance metrics
Excellent communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills
Ability to prioritize, multi-task, and manage multiple complex customer relationships simultaneously
Self-starter with a proactive, ownership mindset and passion for delivering exceptional customer experiences
Knowledge of digital marketing, digital media, data platforms, content management, or customer journey solutions is a plus
Flexibility to travel (approximately 10%)

About Adobe
Adobe empowers everyone to create through innovative platforms and tools that unleash creativity, productivity and personalized customer experiences. Adobe’s industry-leading offerings including Adobe Acrobat Studio, Adobe Express, Adobe Firefly, Creative Cloud, Adobe Experience Platform, Adobe Experience Manager, and GenStudio enable people and businesses to turn ideas into impact, powered by AI and driven by human ingenuity.

Our 30,000+ employees worldwide are creating the future and raising the bar as we drive the next decade of growth. We’re on a mission to hire the very best and believe in creating a company culture where all employees are empowered to make an impact. At Adobe, we believe that great ideas can come from anywhere in the organization. The next big idea could be yours.

Let’s Adobe together
At Adobe, we believe in creating a company culture where all employees are empowered to make an impact. Learn more about Adobe life, including our values and culture , focus on people, purpose and community , Adobe for All , comprehensive benefits programs , the stories we tell , the customers we serve, and how you can help us advance our mission of empowering everyone to create.

Adobe is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other protected characteristic. Learn more.

Adobe aims to make our Careers website and recruiting process accessible to any and all users. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation to navigate our website or complete the application process, email accommodations@adobe.com or call +1 408-536-3015.

AI Use Guidelines for Interviews:
Our interviews are designed to reflect your own skills and thinking. The use of AI or recording tools during live interviews is not permitted unless explicitly invited by the interviewer or approved in advance as part of a reasonable accommodation. If these tools are used inappropriately or in a way that misrepresents your work, your application may not move forward in the process.

At Adobe, we empower employees to innovate with AI — and we look for candidates eager to do the same. As part of the hiring experience, we provide clear guidance on where AI is encouraged during the process and where it’s restricted during live interviews. See how we think about AI in the hiring experience .

Expected Pay Range: Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several U.S. geographic markets, and we pay differently based on those defined markets. The U.S. pay range for this position is $100,200 -- $183,975 annually. Pay within this range varies by work location and may also depend on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the job location during the hiring process.

In California, the pay range for this position is $127,100 - $183,975
In Washington, the pay range for this position is $123,200 - $178,400

At Adobe, for sales roles starting salaries are expressed as total target compensation (TTC = base + commission), and short-term incentives are in the form of sales commission plans. Non-sales roles starting salaries are expressed as base salary and short-term incentives are in the form of the Annual Incentive Plan (AIP).

In addition, certain roles may be eligible for long-term incentives in the form of a new hire equity award.

State-Specific Notices:

California :
Fair Chance Ordinances
Adobe will consider qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records for employment in accordance with state and local laws and “fair chance” ordinances.

Colorado:
Application Window Notice

If this role is open to hiring in Colorado (as listed on the job posting), the application window will remain open until at least the date and time stated above in Pacific Time, in compliance with Colorado pay transparency regulations. If this role does not have Colorado listed as a hiring location, no specific application window applies, and the posting may close at any time based on hiring needs.

Massachusetts:
Massachusetts Legal Notice
It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.


--- VERBATIM RESPONSE ---
```json
{
  "hard_skills": [
    "Customer Success",
    "SaaS",
    "QBR/EBR",
    "Account Planning",
    "Usage Data Analysis",
    "Digital Marketing",
    "Content Management",
    "Customer Journey",
    "Adobe Experience Platform",
    "Renewals"
  ],
  "soft_skills": [
    "Executive Presence",
    "Strategic Thinking",
    "Cross-functional Collaboration",
    "Ownership",
    "Proactive Mindset",
    "Influence",
    "Multi-tasking",
    "Customer Empathy",
    "Consultative Approach",
    "Relationship Building"
  ],
  "domain_keywords": [
    "Digital Experiences",
    "B2B SaaS",
    "Retention",
    "Value Realization",
    "Adoption",
    "Expansion Strategy",
    "Customer Health",
    "Business Outcomes",
    "Stakeholder Alignment",
    "Customer Journey Solutions"
  ]
}
```
